Inspired by scott wlaschins talks about railway oriented programming and functional domain modeling, I decided to implement a Result type in c#. 
This post explains a lot: https://fsharpforfunandprofit.com/posts/elevated-world/
I know lang-ext library already has something similar, but I found the library hard to understand and use, so I decided to make an implementation that fits my needs better.

# The Result type

The result type represent the result of an operation that can either succeed or fail. It serves as an alternative to a traditional combination of a return value (success) and an exception (failure). Instead of throwing exceptions on errors, some prefer to return special values to indicate errors, like null, or false, or some other arbitrary type.
The result type allows a standard way of returning errors without having to resort to special values.
The result type is basically a discriminated union of two types: a success type and a failure type. In the case of a success, the result can also contain a Value; the Value that the operation produced.
Analogous with a void method is the Result<Unit> type. It is used to represent operations that do not produce a value, but can still fail.

## When should I throw exceptions and when should I use an Error Result?
Exceptions still have their places. Consider the following example:
```csharp
public static Result<Unit>() AddTopping(Pizza pizza, Topping topping)
{
	if(pizza == null)
		throw new ArgumentNullException(nameof(pizza));
	if (topping == null)
		throw new ArgumentNullException(nameof(topping));
	if(pizza.Toppings.Contains(topping))
		return Result.Error<Unit>("Topping already added");
	pizza.Toppings.Add(topping);
	return Result<Unit>.Ok();
````

The compiler stops a caller from passing a null topping or a null pizza, but only if they have enabled "nullable reference types", so we can't be sure.
If the caller passes a null value as either argument, that's a programming error. The programmer certainly didn't intend to top null with cheese, and the program should crash. The programmer should fix the bug.
However, the compiler can't stop the caller from passing a topping that has already been added to the pizza. This rule has nothing to do with correctness of code, it's a business rule.
(is this really the argument I'm trying to make? I'm not so sure)

## If an operation cant fail, should I return a successful Result or just the value?
I don't care what you do, but I prefer to return the value. It's simpler and more readable.
Returning a Result that cant be in a failed state, might make the caller investigate how it can fail, just to find out that it can't. 
After the caller found out it can't fail, he might remove the error handling code, skipping the Success-check before retrieving the value. The operation might in the future be changed to be able to fail, and then the error handling code is missing, resulting in an exception. Now, this is just as bad as unchecked exceptions.
By marking your operation with the [Pure]-attribute, you indicate that the operation can't have any side-effects. If someone calls your operation without checking the result, roslyn will warn the consumer with a CA1806. However, sometimes your operation does have side-effects, so the [Pure]-attribute is not the perfect fit here.
If the caller absolutely want a Result, he can always wrap the value in a Result.Ok().

## Should I return void, Unit or Result<Unit> from an operation that doesn't return a value?
For the same reason as above, I'd prefer to return Unit over Result<Unit>. But void is even better. Unit is just there to please the type system in the case of a void Result!

## Implementation alternatives

I decided to implement the Result type as a single object, where you have a state that says whether the result is a success or a failure, and a value that contains the value of the operation, if it succeeded, or the error messages, if it failed.
An alternative approach would be to have two different classes, one for success and one for failure. The success class would contain the value, and the failure class would contain the error messages. They would both implement a common interface. This approach would remove the double meaning of a null value in the Value property. (As of now, we must check for existence of errors to determine whether the result is a success or a fail.
I'm not sure which approach is better, maybe I'll try it some day. 

Instead of having the Unit type represent void operations... maybe we could have a additional Result-type without any type-parameters, to represent void operations.

## More ideas

Is it possible to write a Roslyn analyzer that checks that the success property was checked before accessing Value?
Is it possible to write a Roslyn analyzer that checks that a Result return is never left hanging? Even a Result<Unit> should be checked for success or failure, even though it does not contain any interesting value.
