So a college of mine wanted to use the Result-class that I had created. I've used it for 2 years by now so I thought it is probably good and stable enough to share. In my own projects, I had until now just copied the code over from one project to another when I wanted to reuse it. Of course, I had to update code in all my projects when I had new ideas or added some documentation or whatever. I decided it was time to package it into a nuget and so I did. 2 days later my college wanted to make changes to it! How is it possible? I've used it basically without changes for two years.

My college is working in a MVC legacy code base, and wanted to introduce usage of the Result-class slowly, one endpoint at a time. At the same time he wanted to introduce some cross cutting behaviour by using action filters. I think he wanted to log every unsuccessful Result that passed through his action filter. So, he started looking at the result provided in the action filter. He had to check the type of the object, which could be a Result<T> or something completely different. If you know generics, you know that closed version can not be checked against using the IsAssignableTo-method. So his wish was that Result<T> should implement generic-free interface, like IResult. Just exposing the Success-property and the list of IErrors would be good enough to him. Meh. Sure, this is not a bigge. It probably has zero side-effects except that _I_ have to code this now and version bump my nuget and ship a new version. It felt strange that I've been using this class for 2 years without issues, and suddenly I had to make changes to accomodate someone elses random use-case. I didn't want to do it, but I also didnt want him to go copy my original code now when there's a nuget!

Searching the internet for a few seconds, we found this code (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5461295/using-isassignablefrom-with-open-generic-types).

```csharp
public static bool IsAssignableToGenericType(Type givenType, Type genericType)
{
    var interfaceTypes = givenType.GetInterfaces();

    foreach (var it in interfaceTypes)
    {
        if (it.IsGenericType && it.GetGenericTypeDefinition() == genericType)
            return true;
    }

    if (givenType.IsGenericType && givenType.GetGenericTypeDefinition() == genericType)
        return true;

    Type baseType = givenType.BaseType;
    if (baseType == null) return false;

    return IsAssignableToGenericType(baseType, genericType);
}
```

This did the trick for my college, and I could go back to do my own stuff without updating the nuget.
This whole situation is exactly why I tend to not package nugets anymore. I don't want to get in a situation where I have to do anything to get someone elses code working. Can I design the Result-class differently to avoid situations like this? Was the code above a good enough solution?
